I am not a very creative person, so I let bootstrap do a lot of the heavy lifting when coming to design. I know that when I look at a website, I usually like simplistic round designs. It pleases me to see a website without harsh shapes and mellow colors, so I asked ChatGPT to add the bootstrap classes to my elements. The first draft worked out pretty well, and I adjusted what I wanted afterwards.
I worked on responsive design after implementing the styling, as I felt I would have to re do a bunch of work the other way around. It seems that the CSS styling handled the responsive design well, and when everything was responsive it already looked decent. Some problems arose like the images being too big or not consistently styled. I first made sure to use a flex column for every page, just to make things simpler. Then I made sure to have all images be centered, and share the same size. On large desktop monitors this might look bad as the image will be upscaled, but I think that problem is out of scope. 
The hamburger menu only shows up on smaller devices, on desktop it simply lays out everything. It appears that bootstrap already has javascript that one can simply import to their html file and it will have this hamburger menu. The menu is pretty slick when using smaller screens, and I am quite happy with it. One challenge that arose, though, was that the game pages I have were not meant to navigate to the other pages other than the index, so I kept getting page not found errors, and had to correct the paths depending on which page the user was on.